Photosynthesis is the process by which green plants use sunlight to convert water, carbon dioxide,
and minerals from the ground to create oxygen and energy-rich glucose.
Some light, water, and soil conditions all play critical roles.
Water is absorbed by the roots and is essential for splitting hydrogen and oxygen during photosynthesis.
Soil provides the nutrients like nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium that plants need for growth.
This whole process sounds really complicated.
You're talking about sunlight, water, and soil.
How are we supposed to figure out what actually matters here?
That's right. It's all too much.
Are these even real things? How does any of this help us fix the crops?
This isn't practical.
Exactly.
The fields used to grow fine without all this confusing science.